(grand orchestral fanfare
playing)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
("Rise N Shine" by Leela James
playing)
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I want everybody
on the dance floor ♪
- ♪ Feel good. y'all ♪
- ♪ Get up ♪
♪ That means you and you ♪
♪ Everybody. come on ♪
- ♪ It's time to shine ♪
- ♪ Rise and shine ♪
- ♪ Whoo ♪
- ♪ Be the reason ♪
♪ Why the clouds
never come again ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
(whimpers)
♪ We gon' rise and shine... ♪
Morning. Rocco.
(barks)
♪ Move the rain and
let the sun come out again ♪
♪ Come on. come on. come on.
come on. come on. come on ♪
♪ Get up ♪
- ♪ Don't let nothing ♪
- ♪ Nah ♪
♪ Keep you down now ♪
♪ Hold your head up high ♪
- (Rocco whimpers)
- ♪ Walk in your purpose ♪
♪ Let them see you
get your drip on... ♪
Morning. Joe.
Send my love to the missus.
♪ You know you got this.
and they can't stop this ♪
♪ No one can block this ♪
♪ 'Cause you were born
to rise and shine... ♪
Morning. Erik.
ERIK:
Looking good. Anna.
- These smell amazing.
- Thank you.
- (horn honks)
- ♪ We gon' rise and shine ♪
♪ Let's go. let's move ♪
♪ Move the rain
and let the sun ♪
- ♪ Come out again ♪
♪ Oh. oh. come out again ♪
♪ Get up ♪
- ♪ All my queens ♪
- ♪ Ay ♪
♪ And my kings. too ♪
♪ Straighten up your crowns ♪
(Rocco barking)
♪ Walk in your purpose ♪
- ♪ Let them see you... ♪
- (Mrs. Dunn gasps)
- Hello. Anna.
- (gasps)
(song stops abruptly)
What in the actual fuck?
(Rocco whimpers)
I can explain.
Give me my dog.
Did she hurt you?
What did she do to you?
I am so. so sorry. Mrs. Dunn.
I should've never worn
your clothes.
You're a house sitter.
You're supposed to feed Rocco.
water plants. leave zero trace.
(sobbing)
First. my husband ruins
the Hamptons with his Speedo.
and now this...
Are you wearing my lingerie
that snaps together
at the crotch?
I was gonna wash it.
(scoffing)
Get out of my house!
ANNA: Okay. before you judge.
let me explain.
I wasn't always a house sitter.
I had a plan.
I was raised by a single mom.
and I was gonna grow up to be
a chef. just like her.
Mama always said that food
tells the story of who you are.
where you've been
and where you're going.
My story took me to the
Culinary Institute of New York.
And after that. Mama and I
were gonna travel to Italy
for inspiration
to open our own restaurant.
But things don't always go
according to plan.
When Mama got sick. I gave up
everything to take care of her.
Got a job as
a professional house sitter
and discovered that pretending
to live someone else's life was
way easier than dealing with
the reality of my own. (sighs)
Anyway. that's how
I ended up here.
about to fall over
in this rich lady's Versace.
Bye.
CLAIRE: Anna. you've got
to be shitting me.
I know you didn't put on
that lady's clothes!
She wasn't supposed to be home
for another month.
Now. I understand using a few
pumps of the lady's retinol.
but wearing her drawers?
Isn't she like 55?
Well. she does have
incredible taste.
Bitch. I'm only telling you
this 'cause you're my bestie.
What you're saying is just sad.
All my other gigs flaked.
The hot couple that I was
supposed to house-sit for.
I guess they got divorced
a-and canceled their trip.
The fine one?
He looked like a cheater.
He cheated?
'Cause he... you know
he looked like a cheater.
Cheater. cheater. pumpkin eater.
I don't know. probably.
But I was supposed to have
an in-unit washer and dryer.
Look. maybe it's time
to pivot. okay?
Stop borrowing
other people's lives
and start working on your own.
That way. you can have
your own washer and dryer.
And. hell.
you can let me use it.
Look. all you need to do is
start focusing on your...
- Please don't say passion.
- Passion!
Yeah. I said it. Your passion.
- (sighs) - I'm sorry about
everything that happened.
but you need to start
living your life again.
Now. look. I got to go.
Call me when you get home.
Hey. wait. wait. about that.
I may have fell behind
a few months on my rent.
Brianna Celeste Montgomery.
How does this keep happening?
I sent you so many
money management podcasts.
Where you gonna stay?
- Oh. hell no. No.
- Please.
Just put me in a little room.
No one will notice.
No. You almost got me fired
last time. remember?
- Aren't you quitting anyway?
- I am going on maternity leave.
Isn't that the same thing?
No. It means I need a job
to come back to.
- 'Cause I'm old.
- You're 27.
I have a husband.
I have a 401(k).
I'm 'bout to have a B-A-B-Y.
Well. can I at least
charge my phone?
(teeth clenched):
Don't do it at the desk.
Go to the bar. okay?
Jeff will help you. all right?
- Okay. okay. okay. Love you.
- Love you. too.
Hi. Mr. Maguire.
("My Muse" by Leon Thomas
playing quietly over speakers)
- Are you Jeff?
- That's me.
Claire says you'll charge this.
- Of course.
- Thanks.
Uh. can I get a burger.
medium rare?
Add jalapeños and an egg.
over easy.
No salt. just pepper.
And some fries.
With a side of honey.
Oh. and a beer. Any beer.
(chuckles):
Okay.
(sighs)
One of these should work.
And Claire says I get the
friends and family discount.
- Gotcha.
- Thank you.
I'm sorry. did you just order
honey for your burger?
It's for the fries.
The sweetness brings out
the saltiness.
It's really good.
Anyway. I'm about
to eat my feelings.
so please just leave me alone.
(chuckles)
Well. as long as
you're eating your feelings.
I will keep on drinking mine.
Salute.
You're Italian?
(chuckles) Sì.
I'm here for business.
New York. Tokyo. Hong Kong.
I just got back from Rio.
and I'm beat.
Let me guess. Finance bro?
Ouch. No. Real estate.
- Oof. even worse.
- (laughs)
- Actually. do you know any
good apartments? - Uh-huh.
Well. what is your price range?
Well. I almost maxed out my
credit card on a cheeseburger.
- so... yeah.
- (laughs)
Uh. well. if it makes you
feel better. in Italy. we say.
"Chi conosce il cibo
conosce la vita."
"Those who know food
know life."
You speak Italian?
- Un po'.
- Eh. un po'.
Just enough to ruin
my pickup line. (chuckles)
(laughs)
No. I was... I was planning
a trip to Tuscany.
- No. That's where I'm from.
- No way.
I swear that's where I'm from.
- What?
- Yeah.
- Wow. okay.
- Well. you tell me when you go.
and I will give you
all the recommendations.
- Oh. I'm not going anymore.
- Well. why not?
Well. I was supposed to go
with my mom last year
when I graduated
culinary school. but...
Ah. you're a chef.
No. no. no.
I never made it that far.
(chuckles):
I dropped out
two months before
I graduated. so...
Well. I'm sure
you had your reasons.
Yeah. um...
This is the part of the story
where I'd probably make up
something really fabulous.
but what the hell.
My mom died.
Last year.
I quit school. stopped cooking
and kind of put my life on hold.
I'm sorry.
But I still have the
plane ticket to Italy. though.
- (chuckles)
- So... (chuckles)
Well. to your mamma.
And her beautiful...?
Anna.
Anna. I'm Matteo.
Nice to meet you.
(both laughing)
("Themselves" by Jordan Ward
playing)
Honey and fries. (chuckles)
Look at your face.
- Very nice. Very good.
- (chuckles) No. you have to...
My God. your Italian
is really good.
- Thank you.
- (laughs)
(laughing):
Please.
So this is
the Cathedral of San Conessa.
and right around the corner.
you have
this incredible gastronomia.
- Wow.
- It's so nice.
This is my mamma Gabriella.
My mom and my dad.
they have the oldest restaurant
in San Conessa.
- Really?
- Yeah. They do.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
- This is my Nonna Alessia.
- Aw. she's so cute.
Also very feisty. (chuckles)
- She has the most beautiful flower garden.
- Mm.
MATTEO: And this is just an
average sunrise in my hometown.
It looks like a fairy tale.
I don't know
why you would ever leave.
Well. I guess this is.
uh. normally the part
where I would come up with
a fabulous story.
But since we're being honest...
(chuckles)
My father. he wanted me to
take over the family business.
Manage things. you know.
Get married. have kids.
never leave.
I even bought a villa.
- Hmm? - A beautiful villa
overlooking the hills.
And it's just sitting there.
- Whoa.
- Empty.
Casa Luna. Hmm.
You know. the life
they wanted me to live
was not the life I wanted.
and so I just...
ran away without saying goodbye.
Mm.
(clicks tongue)
Well. that was fun.
(both laughing)
(sighs) God. I just...
I would love to see
San Conessa one day.
And you should go.
What's stopping you?
(sighs)
And that's last call. guys.
Here's your phone
all charged up.
Great. (chuckles)
That's my cue.
Wait. you're not staying
at this hotel?
Mm-mm.
Would you like to?
("Trouble" by José James
playing)
(door opens. closes)
♪ Go on. talk to me. baby ♪
♪ So long. say yeah ♪
♪ Trouble and me.
we got to try and figure out ♪
♪ Some kinda way to go... ♪
(whispers):
I'll be right back.
(both chuckle softly)
♪ Eh. eh ♪
♪ Trouble. it meet me
every time I step around ♪
(sighs)
♪ The way of danger's flow ♪
♪ So we can let it go ♪
♪ Said. I. I need
someone like you ♪
♪ To understand my heart
Babe ♪
♪ And my soul... ♪
(breathes deeply)
This is the most romance
you've got in years. girl.
Don't mess it up.
- (snoring)
- (song stops abruptly)
You got to be kidding me.
(sighs) Matteo.
- (sighs)
- (snoring continues)
♪ ♪
(phone clicks)
(chuckles)
Wow.
(phone beeping)
(gasps softly)
- Ew.
- (phone clicks)
(sighs)
(siren wailing in distance)
♪ ♪
MATTEO: Anna. I'm sorry
about last night.
Jet lag hit me hard.
Had an early flight.
but I woke up
thinking you should just do it.
Go to Italy.
Why make up a fabulous story
when you can live
one of your own?
PS. order whatever you want
for breakfast.
CLAIRE: Oh. so let me
get this straight.
You meet some random
rich white boy and...
He's Italian.
So some random
rich. spicy white boy
tells you all about his nonna.
and you decide that
that's a sign to go to Italy?
- Tonight?
- Mm-hmm.
You can't even afford
an apartment.
- You don't have a job. friend.
- I know.
It's perfect.
You didn't even
exchange numbers.
How you gonna call him?
Girl. it's not about him. okay?
He doesn't even
live there anymore.
Oh. Even better.
Perfect conditions
for my friend to get kidnapped.
Okay. it's meant to be.
I'm using the ticket
my mama already bought me.
and I have $535
in my savings account.
$500?
Yep. It's enough.
- It's not enough.
- You were the one
who was telling me
I need to start living my life.
I meant making
small. proactive changes.
Like fixing your credit score.
making a Hinge account.
Please. just tell me
that you support me.
Bitch. no.
Please?
Don't-don't do that.
- Please?
- (stammers)
All right.
You know
I want to see you happy.
Mm-hmm.
(both chuckling)
Don't come calling me
from no Tuscan jail!
I swear to God!
I promise. Anna!
I should've just
given you a damn room.
♪ I could be the twist.
the one to make you stop ♪
♪ The icing on your cake.
the cherry on the top ♪
♪ It's heaven in my heart ♪
♪ And we could find you
some space... ♪
ANNA:
We're going to Italy. Mama.
We're finally doing it.
♪ I could be the world to you ♪
- (sighs)
- ♪ The missing piece ♪
♪ The extra sentimental kind
of chemistry ♪
♪ Some people make it hard ♪
♪ With me
That isn't the case ♪
♪ 'Cause I make it so easy ♪
♪ To fall in love ♪
♪ So come give me a call ♪
♪ And we'll fall into us ♪
♪ I'm the perfect mix of ♪
♪ Saturday night
and the rest of your life ♪
♪ Anyone with a heart
would agree ♪
♪ It's so easy ♪
♪ To fall in love with me ♪
♪ Me ♪
- (bicycle bell rings)
- ♪ Me ♪
(lively Italian chatter)
♪ It's so easy ♪
- ♪ It's so easy. ♪
- (song fades)
- Ciao.
Can you take me to San Conessa?
Yes. 200 euros.
- What?
- 200 euros.
Is that like a fixed price
or something?
200 euros!
Okay.
I didn't want to ride
with you anyway.
Ciao.
How much to San Conessa?
30 euro. Plus tip.
Oh. thank God.
- Which hotel?
- Cheapest one they got.
(chuckles)
My kind of girl. Vieni.
Andiamo.
ANNA:
This is a little-ass car.
LORENZO: Don't talk
about Cucci like that.
ANNA: Did you just call
your car Coochie?
LORENZO:
It means cute. adorable.
- ANNA: (laughs) Okay.
- (horn honks)
First time to Tuscany?
First time pretty much anywhere.
Mm. I get it.
Born and raised here.
never left.
But in my imagination.
I travel the world.
How long are you staying?
ANNA: I don't know.
I'm kind of just winging it.
LORENZO: That is so perfect.
It's the best way to travel.
ANNA: My bestie thinks
I'm crazy. but you get it.
LORENZO: Oh. no.
you definitely are crazy.
- (Anna laughs)
- But that's so much fun.
(both laughing)
Oh! Before we get to the hotel.
I must show you the piazza.
Here we are.
San Conessa.
(church bell tolling)
(chuckles):
Oh.
- It's just like the pictures.
- (car door closes)
Say "cheese."
(camera clicks)
(chuckles)
You here for the festival?
- What festival?
- The summer festival.
It's very popular.
It's all week.
- Wine. food. music. games.
- (chuckles)
More wine. more food.
Makes everybody happy.
You happy?
I am now.
Brava. brava. brava. Let's go.
Oh. here is where I went
to elementary school.
- Ciao. Mario.
- (horn honks)
MARIO:
Hey. Lorenzo!
My card.
If you need a ride.
you call me. okay?
We're friends now.
I give you friend discount.
Thank you. Lorenzo.
Ciao. Anna.
Ciao.
LORENZO: Andiamo. forza!
Make way for Cucci!
(horn honks)
♪ ♪
Fully booked?
Yes. miss.
All of San Conessa
and every town for miles.
It's for our summer celebration.
Yeah. summer festival. I heard.
Okay. well.
what about a secret room?
For celebrities?
Are you a celebrity?
♪ ♪
(camera clicks)
- (horn honks)
- MICHAEL: Occhio. turista!
What a jerk.
(vehicle backfiring)
(quiet Italian chatter)
(Marcella speaking Italian)
(man and woman speaking Italian)
♪ ♪
- Ciao.
What can I get you?
Is that schiacciata?
Truffle black cream
and smoked pork loin?
Sì. It's the last one.
And you are the first American
to pronounce "schiacciata."
(speaking Italian urgently)
Grazie. (chuckles)
(arguing in Italian)
Excuse me.
(British accent):
I'm sorry.
Didn't see you there.
(speaking Italian)
(chuckles)
I'm standing right here.
(conversing in Italian)
- Sì.
- ANNA: Hey.
I was gonna order that.
I'm so sorry.
She just sold out.
Grazie... (speaking Italian)
Ciao. Michael. (chuckles)
Sorry. it's his usual order.
Uh. do you want a different one?
♪ ♪
What is your problem?
(mouth full):
Problem?
You.
You almost killed me
with that truck. car.
whatever the hell that thing is.
We look both ways before
we cross the street here.
Like that's an Italian accent.
Where are you from?
Born in London. raised here.
- Any other questions?
- You should be nicer to me.
considering
we're the only two...
People speaking English?
Cute.
You should at least apologize
for ruining the experience.
What experience? Buying lunch?
My first lunch
in a real gastronomia
in the most beautiful place
I've ever been in my life.
(taps vehicle)
I apologize.
Well. thank you.
You're welcome.
But if you were really sorry.
you'd give me
the rest of my sandwich.
(chuckles):
I'm sorry. whose sandwich?
- I was gonna buy it.
- But you didn't.
(sighs)
(sighs) Okay. look.
I can have Marcella make you
a fresh schiacciata and
deliver it right to your door.
Where are you staying?
Um...
No. don't-don't-don't...
don't tell me
you came to San Conessa
during the summer festival
with no place to stay.
Of course not.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
(laughs) Oh. man.
I hear the benches in the park
are extremely comfortable.
I am not a charity case.
MICHAEL:
Good luck.
(engine starts)
(vehicle backfiring)
So good.
Do you know any other hotels
that may have vacancy?
WOMAN (over phone): It's
the summer festival. signorina.
I know it's the summer festival.
Thanks for being
the 90th person to remind me.
We'd like to help you.
but I cannot.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault. It's mine.
- Buonanotte.
- Buona serata.
(sighs)
(phone dings)
House-sitting.
I mean.
he practically invited me.
CLAIRE: I know you didn't just
send me to voicemail!
Do not go to that "cassa."
Or casa. whatever they call it.
You gonna be the star
of Italian Get Out.
See. I see it now.
His nonna.
she gonna be walking around
with your fine-ass snatched body
while you somewhere
in the Sunken Place.
You know they out there
stealing Black people's organs.
This is exactly why I told you
don't take your Black ass
out there to Italy.
Now. you better call me. girl.
I'm-a be sitting here
waiting right by my phone.
Call me or I'm-a blast you
all over The Shade Room.
Call me. girl!
♪ ♪
Hello?
Oh. my God.
In-unit washer dryer?
Yes.
♪ ♪
(gasps softly)
(chuckling)
(inhales deeply)
(sighs)
(Giuseppe singing
"Libiamo ne' lieti calici")
(singing continues in Italian)
- (birds chirping)
- (singing continues)
Holy shit-aly.
(gasps)
("Soft Girl Era" by Ari Lennox
playing)
(sniffs)
Oof.
♪ Baby. that's a
million dollars in the mirror ♪
♪ Step back. get back ♪
- ♪ Can't get near her ♪
- ♪ You ♪
♪ Ain't trying to do nothing
but look pretty in here ♪
♪ Nails. hair. rent paid... ♪
Italian Magnums?
Okay. Matteo.
♪ Hurry up and put me
in my soft girl era. ♪
Ooh. coffee.
(singers vocalizing)
Got it.
(song ends)
Oh. my God.
Who leaves an engagement ring
in a junk drawer?
Matteo. you are gonna make
some girl very lucky.
(door opens)
(women conversing in Italian)
(door closes)
(women arguing in Italian)
(arguing continues)
(Gabriella speaking Italian)
(Gabriella speaking Italian
in distance)
(continues speaking Italian)
(birds chirping)
♪ ♪
(gasps)
- Buongiorno. Signora Alessia.
- Ah. buongiorno. Giuseppe.
(gasps) Oh. God. Oh. no.
- (screaming)
- (gasps)
- (screams)
NONNA ALESSIA:
Oh Dio!
(sighs)
Ciao.
What are you doing here. huh?
Why did you jump out the window?
Hey. hey. wait. Wait.
I will tell you everything.
Matteo... gave me a key.
He gave you a key?
You're his mother.
But you're so young.
Oh. grazie.
We started very early and...
And you. you love flowers.
You...
You're Nonna Alyssa.
- Alessia!
- Oh.
Who are you?
- I'm Anna.
- So. Anna.
how do you know my son?
Uh. it's a really funny story.
I was ordering a hamburger.
and then Matteo walks
into the bar. and he...
Where did you get that ring?
I think you're telling them
to arrest me.
No. no. no. please don't.
It's all
a big misunderstanding. Nonna.
Don't you understand?
Nonna. the key. the ring...
- No!
- Sì!
She's marrying Matteo.
Yes. (chuckles)
You got me.
I'm-I'm marrying Matteo.
- Ah!
- OFFICER: Congratulazioni!
Congratulazioni!
Oh. why didn't you just tell us?
Because it's-it's a surprise.
(Anna chuckles)
And Matteo.
he just really didn't want me
to tell anybody
before he got home.
Matteo's coming home? (gasps)
Yeah. yeah.
It's a surprise. though.
so please.
please don't say anything. okay?
(hushed):
So. who is this woman?
(hushed): An angel.
She fell from the sky.
ANNA:
Well. it all happened so fast.
Like. really fast.
I mean. he was traveling a lot
for his job. and...
He works too hard.
Totally.
So hard. what he does
for work every day.
Real estate is so demanding.
Real estate. It is.
- Mm.
- Anyway. a-after that. we met.
- and-and we fell in love.
and that was it. - (sighs)
Did he tell you why he left?
He wanted to spread his wings.
And how his father reacted?
Bad.
Very. very bad.
Lots of yelling.
It was so sad.
So sad.
One day. he was just gone.
We thought he'd never come back.
Now you are here.
- Oh.
- Here I am. (chuckles)
GABRIELLA:
Oh. my God.
We have to tell
my husband Vincenzo.
He won't believe it!
(chuckles):
Oh. it's hard to believe.
We must celebrate.
Our family villa is
Zapa Via d'Angelo.
You come for dinner.
Oh. I would love to.
It's just.
I'm really jet-lagged.
and I-I got to finish
my laundry.
Of course. Of course. baby.
We'll see you at the villa.
Oh. Anna. you are the key to
bringing our family together.
We are so happy you are here.
(door opens)
(door closes)
Oh. sweet Jesus.
♪ ♪
Ciao. bella.
- Hey. hey.
- Where to this time?
Bus stop.
What? You just got here.
- Step on it. Lorenzo.
- Mamma mia.
Come on.
Move this little Cucci.
ANNA: It's 2.000 euros
to change my ticket?
So they say.
"Why can't you stay in Italy
"for another five days.
for example.
"and th-there's
a lot to see here.
For example.
have you seen the Duomo yet?"
The ring.
I forgot to take off the ring.
(speaking Italian excitedly)
You could take a dinner cruise
on the Arno.
I can't even afford
the change fee.
What makes them think
that I can afford that?
I can't get it off!
Ah. too bad we don't have
olive oil here.
(speaking Italian angrily)
(phone beeps)
Sorry.
(inhales deeply)
- That looks really good.
- Mm.
Those who know food know life.
(sighs. sobs)
Do you want?
LORENZO:
Let me understand.
You have no money to get home.
no place to stay.
You broke into
a stranger's house.
He's not a stranger.
We met once.
You stole a ring.
I didn't mean to.
I'm gonna give it back.
Oh. you pretended to be
his fiancée.
and now his mamma wants you
to come meet the family?
This is very romantic.
(sighs):
Oh. God.
Who knows?
Maybe by living a fake life.
you might find truth
in your own.
Or you go to prison.
Either way. it's very romantic.
- What am I gonna do. Lorenzo?
- Okay. no.
I see three opzioni here.
Number one. you know.
you can call your friend.
what's her name. uh...
- Claire? No.
- Eh.
She's about to have a baby.
and she literally told me
this was gonna happen.
Opzione due. you can pretend
to be his fiancée
for another five days.
Maybe they find out.
maybe they don't. Who knows?
What's opzione three?
You could tell them the truth.
(sighs)
(gasps)
Easy.
Yeah. Okay.
LORENZO: In Italy. we have
a saying. "In vino veritas."
which means.
"In wine. there is truth."
So just ask for a glass of wine.
It always helps.
ANNA: In America.
we call that liquid courage.
LORENZO:
Coraggio liquido.
I like that.
(car doors open)
- You'll wait for me?
- Of course.
Obviously. I'm invested now.
Good luck. bella.
The truth will set you free.
(clicks tongue)
Come si dice. "Kill me now"?
Come on. you got this.
♪ ♪
Gabriella?
(family cheering)
Oh! (chuckles)
I always wanted a sister.
(laughs)
Mwah. Mwah.
I am Francesca.
Ciao. I'm Anna.
- Ciao a tutti!
- Oh.
This is Enzo Costa with our
new family member from America.
- Where are you from. Anna?
- Um. New York.
(gasps)
New York. the Big Apple.
- (chuckles)
- And he's my husband. Leo.
- ANNA: Hi.
- Hello. Anna.
Uh. will Matteo be back for the
final night of the festival?
Ah. mamma mia. Leo.
enough with the questions. huh?
- I'm sorry.
- Husbands. You'll find out.
And they are...
- I am Roberto.
- ANNA: Hi.
- Oh.
And my little ones.
Mia and Bella.
You're so pretty.
- Oh. thank you.
- You look like a princess.
I really need to speak
to Gabriella.
GABRIELLA:
There she is!
- I'll be right back.
- Um...
So. we are welcoming you
into our family. Anna.
I'm Vincenzo.
It's actually pronounced
"Anna."
That's what I say. "Ahna."
- No. "Anna."
- GABRIELLA: "Ahna."
- "Ahna." "Ahna."
- "Anna." "Anna."
- "Ahna."
- Like "banana."
(family repeatedly pronouncing
"Anna" and "Ahna")
(chanting):
Anna banana.
- Anna banana.
- "Anna." "An..." "Anna."
"Ahna" is fine!
- (gasps)
- (arguing stops)
"Ahna" is fine.
- "Ahna."
Gabriella. is it possible
to speak to you in-in private?
- Where's the ring?
- Oh. see. that's what I wanted
to talk to you about. Um...
Um...
I like to take it off
and play with it
when I get really nervous.
(family sighing)
(excited Italian chatter)
(Robertos singing "Svegliatevi
dal sonno" in distance)
(singing continues in Italian)
(singing continues)
Of course! (laughs)
I'm gonna take you to town.
Anna. do you want
to know a secret?
I'm having an affair
with the plumber.
(chuckles) His name is Luigi.
Having a side piece is the key
to a healthy marriage.
Oh. (chuckles)
So. where are you
getting married?
They are getting married
at the vineyard.
- Mm!
- (chuckles)
I don't see why not.
(laughs)
Can we be flower girls?
- (chuckles): Absolutely.
- Yay!
- FRANCESCA: Ciao. Michael.
- ENZO: Oh. Michael.
GABRIELLA:
Oh. grazie. Michael. (chuckles)
- It's you.
- (gasps)
Anna. this is Michael.
my nephew.
But he's also my son.
We met.
VINCENZO:
Okay.
Yesterday at Marcella's.
He stole my schiacciata.
I ordered it before you.
It's hardly stealing.
Besides. I gave you half.
so technically
I bought you a sandwich.
- Well. I threw it away.
- No. you didn't.
FRANCESCA:
This is Anna. Matteo's fiancée.
Gabriella is planning
Anna and Matteo's wedding
- at your vineyard.
- MICHAEL: Wedding?
How-how long have you
and Matteo been engaged?
- Um...
- VINCENZO: Michael.
- Matteo's here?
- Not yet. but soon.
We are waiting for you to eat.
Mi dispiace. Let me just
wash my hands. okay?
FRANCESCA:
I see you have some questions.
Here's the tea.
One of Gabriella's sisters
was Michael's mamma.
When he was ten.
both his parents died
in a car crash.
so Gabriella and Vincenzo
adopted him.
But him and Matteo
are always like that.
I think Matteo's a little bit
jealous. too. (chuckles)
And Michael runs the vineyard
where you're getting married.
All he does is work
all the time.
And Matteo was supposed to run
the restaurant. but then...
- He left.
- Yes.
And Vincenzo's getting old.
We're all doing our best.
you know.
but we still need Matteo.
even though sometimes
we want to kill him.
(chuckles)
Roberto. (sighs)
- FRANCESCA: Oh.
- To Anna.
Oh. sì. Anna.
The Costa family toast.
- Yeah.
- (laughter)
(family repeatedly saying
"Salute!")
- Salute.
- (chuckles)
(lively Italian chatter)
GABRIELLA:
Let's eat.
(lively chatter continues)
♪ ♪
FRANCESCA:
Yeah. like that.
- (laughs)
- We're gonna eat well tomorrow.
I'm telling you that.
LORENZO:
So. how did it go?
We're going to Greece
for our honeymoon.
(blows. stammers)
Greece is very beautiful.
(chuckles)
("Sarà Perché Ti Amo" by Ricchi
E Poveri playing over speakers)
(song continues
with lyrics in Italian)
Smile. Smile.
Come on.
- Look at the road.
- Okay. (chuckles)
This helps.
(Anna breathes deeply)
LORENZO:
Don't worry. bella.
There's always tomorrow.
Tonight. we dance! (laughs)
- (song fades)
- (rooster crows)
(Giuseppe singing
"Libiamo ne' lieti calici")
- (singing continues in Italian)
- (birds chirping)
(singing continues)
Buongiorno. Anna! (laughs)
Buongiorno. Giuseppe.
- Buongiorno.
- Oh.
Gabriella wants to give you
a tour of the vineyard.
Why?
Because you're getting
married there. remember?
Yeah. but should-shouldn't
we wait for Matteo?
Ah. you've met Gabriella.
She's not really one to...
wait.
Well. I have plans.
What plans?
See. the thing is. it means so
much to her that you're here.
but if you don't show up today.
it will break her heart.
Fine.
Can I drive?
(laughs) No.
- Hmm.
- (engine starts)
("Let Me Love You" by Mario
playing over speakers)
♪ Don't even know
what you're worth ♪
- ♪ Everywhere you go ♪
- (snorts)
♪ They stop and stare.
'cause you're bad... ♪
What?
Nothing.
(laughs):
It's nothing.
I just didn't expect this
from you.
What does that mean?
It's nothing. I just...
I thought you were more of
a podcast kind of guy.
So. boring?
Well... yes.
♪ Fist full of diamonds.
a hand full of rings ♪
♪ Baby. you're a star... ♪
MICHAEL:
For the record.
there is nothing wrong
with a good podcast.
♪ You should let me love you.
let me be the one to ♪
♪ Give you everything
you want and need ♪
♪ Ooh. baby.
good love and protection... ♪
This is all yours?
Yeah.
It was my parents'.
My father was a barrister
in London.
He took one look at this place.
gave it all up.
My mum would take any excuse
to come home.
It was wonderful back then.
all of us together.
♪ Babe. you should
let me love you ♪
- ♪ Let me be the one to ♪
- ♪ Let me be the one ♪
- ♪ Give you everything ♪
- ♪ To give ♪
- ♪ You want and need ♪
- ♪ Whoo ♪
- ♪ Everything you need ♪
- ♪ Good love ♪
- ♪ And protection ♪
- ♪ Said everything... ♪
MICHAEL:
This is my place.
ANNA:
(chuckles) What?
This is incredible.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Baby. you should
let me love... ♪
- (engine shuts off)
- (song stops)
And just up here
is the wine shop.
I brought the crackers
for the tasting.
We cannot set it up without you.
One moment.
FRANCESCA:
Ciao. Anna.
(busy Italian chatter continues)
(pig snorting)
ANNA (chuckles):
Oh!
Hi. baby.
You're so cute.
(Isabella chuckles)
She's called Artemisia.
Let's hope Michael doesn't turn
her into prosciutto. right?
(laughs):
Oh. no. Of course not.
She's part of the family.
I'm Anna. Hi.
How do you know Michael?
- Oh.
- Buongiorno. Isabella.
- Buongiorno.
- You in town for the festival?
Yeah. I came for
the rolling of the barrels.
E tu? Have you found
a new partner to compete with?
No. No. I think
I'm gonna sit this one out.
Hmm. (clicks tongue)
Matteo screwed you. too.
I see you've met Anna.
Yeah. just did.
The pig likes her.
(snorts)
MICHAEL:
Isabella lives in Rome now.
The three of us. me. Matteo and
Isabella. all grew up together.
- Oh. Okay.
- Yeah.
- MICHAEL: Yeah.
- ANNA: Nice.
Well. Gabriella's waiting
for us. so...
Certo.
- MICHAEL: Ciao.
- Ciao.
GABRIELLA: And this is
where the wedding will be.
ANNA:
It doesn't even look real.
MICHAEL:
Never gets old.
GABRIELLA:
Have you discussed a date?
We haven't really discussed
much of anything.
FRANCESCA: Don't worry.
Gabriella will work it all out.
Before the ceremony begins.
our family has a tradition. eh?
Uh-oh. here comes La Serenata.
La Serenata has been performed
at every Costa wedding
for generations.
It is completely ridiculous.
- It is.
- GABRIELLA: Vincenzo and I did it.
Nonna did it.
Francesca and Leo did it.
Oh. yeah. we did it.
It was so great.
GABRIELLA:
If Michael had a bit more fun.
maybe he'd find someone
to do it with.
Yeah. Michael. you have nobody
- Grazie. Francesca.
- (laughter)
Allora. vieni qua.
You stand up there.
- ANNA: Uh. on this rock?
- Yes. sì. sì.
- And you. Michael. here.
- No. no. mamma. no.
Ah. you will be Matteo.
And now you face each other
like Romeo and Juliet.
You know Romeo and Juliet die
at the end. right?
This is the most important part
of the ceremony.
Nothing that has happened
before this moment matters.
It is when all past mistakes
are forgiven.
And then he sings
a beautiful love song.
Any song you want.
- Yes. Michael. sing it.
- (chuckles)
Not gonna sing.
- But it's tradition. Uh...
- It's tradition.
Yeah. Michael. it's tradition.
- FRANCESCA: Come on. Michael.
- (chuckles)
GABRIELLA:
Sing. Michael. sing.
- FRANCESCA: Yeah. Any song you want.
- Okay.
Sing.
(chuckles)
- Okay.
- FRANCESCA: We are waiting.
(sighs heavily)
♪ You should let me love you ♪
GABRIELLA:
Oh. beautiful!
- ♪ Let me be the one to ♪
- (laughs)
The song from the car.
♪ Give you everything
you want and need ♪
♪ Baby. good love
and affection ♪
- Oh!
- Whoa!
(laughter)
♪ Make me your selection ♪
- Mm-hmm. Yeah.
- ♪ Show you the way ♪
- ♪ Love's supposed to be ♪
- (Francesca humming)
- FRANCESCA: ♪ To be ♪
- GABRIELLA: Whoo!
(Michael laughs)
♪ Baby. you should
let me love you ♪
Okay. show-off.
MICHAEL:
♪ Love you. love you ♪
(Gabriella laughs)
- ♪ Love you. ♪
- (applause)
- That was actually really good.
- GABRIELLA: Bravo. Michael!
- (laughing)
- FRANCESCA: Bravo!
GABRIELLA: Bravo. Michael.
ANNA:
And so dumb.
♪ You should let me love you. ♪
(humming)
Let's talk guests.
Anna. will your mamma
and papà be coming?
Oh. I-I don't...
I don't have. um...
Una famiglia?
(sighs)
- You do now. hmm?
- NONNA ALESSIA: Michael.
Show your future
sister-in-law around.
You and Matteo will make such
beautiful grandchildren for me.
- (sighs)
- Wow.
♪ You should let me love you. ♪
I need a drink.
I know just the place.
This... is my new vintage.
- Salute.
Mmm.
Is that. like. cherry?
(chuckles) Impressive.
I took a sommelier class
in culinary school.
Okay. So you're a chef?
Well. (sighs)
I'm what my instructor called
"a tragedy
of untapped potential."
(chuckles)
Yeah. fair enough.
(breathes deeply)
This place is really cool. man.
Well. I run it
the old-fashioned way.
These barrels have been here
since the 18th century.
The air locks
were invented by da Vinci...
Thanks for the TED Talk.
Dr. Wine.
Can't it just be cool?
(chuckles) Okay.
- (sighs)
- Mm-hmm.
(sighs)
So. that Isabella girl.
she seemed nice.
(laughs)
Yeah. well.
you are wearing the ring
that her ex-fiancé gave her.
Matteo had a fiancée?
No wonder she hated me so much.
- (chuckles) - And what
was she talking about?
The rolling of the barrels?
That is exactly
what it sounds like.
You get into pairs.
you roll some barrels.
you race through the countryside
for the honor of the family.
Everyone takes it
incredibly seriously.
And you and Matteo
usually do this together?
Usually. And we usually win.
But he left right before
the race last year.
Look. the way
that Matteo just ran away
hurt a lot of people
around here.
Oh. Got it. (sighs)
For someone who's meant to be
marrying my brother.
you know surprisingly little
about him.
I know enough.
And I also know sometimes
people make the wrong choice.
but that also leads them
to making the right one.
I think your instructor
may have underestimated you.
ANNA: Let's try some more
of your famous wine.
("Light Work (Remix)"
by Elmiene and Blxst playing)
Mm-hmm.
♪ I need you.
oh. I need you... ♪
(laughing)
- Yeah.
- This is wine.
Yeah. It was wine
before that. too.
♪ Ain't it funny
how things change? ♪
♪ All of a sudden.
we on the same page ♪
- ♪ Before you came ♪
- (lively conversation)
♪ I thought I drained my luck ♪
♪ Now you've redefined
the way I smile ♪
♪ Oh. you came to me ♪
♪ Believe me. girl.
you're majestic ♪
♪ I'll try and convince you
I meant it ♪
♪ So trust and believe.
whatever you need ♪
♪ Multiply by three... ♪
This tastes like a barnyard.
Real insightful. Dr. Wine.
Barnyard?
I feel like Paul Giamatti
in Sideways.
You're a little cuter
than Paul Giamatti.
- Thanks.
- A little.
(both laughing)
♪ There's nothing heavy
'bout this love ♪
♪ Girl. it's light for me... ♪
Whoa. Sorry.
(laughing)
Grape.
- It's giving grape.
- It's giving grape?
- (laughing)
- Okay.
Wow.
I have to do something!
Anna?
ANNA:
I've always wanted to do this!
MICHAEL:
Wh-Where are you going?
ANNA:
I need to eat a grape!
♪ The angels come.
I would stand ♪
- (laughing)
- ♪ And tell them no ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ It's light work. baby ♪
♪ Light work. baby... ♪
What are you doing?
(panting)
So delicious.
- (both chuckling)
- ♪ And I can't give you up. ♪
(song ends)
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
These are Sangiovese grapes.
The "blood of Jupiter."
You really love this. huh?
It's. uh. it's...
it's watching the sun rise
over the vineyard.
It's a glass of wine
after the harvest.
a meal with the family.
It's...
It's being part of something
bigger than myself. you know?
It's not a flashy life out here.
I love it.
You can taste the earth.
Yeah.
Yeah. you can.
Mmm.
Can I show you something?
Yeah.
It's how I know
what all this is gonna be.
What it's gonna taste like.
(grunts)
It's all in the dirt.
So... you're feeling for
temperature. moisture.
How it smells.
How it feels in your hand.
Let it run through your fingers.
Feel that?
Yeah.
Is that rain?
MICHAEL:
Oh. no.
(gasps)
My hair!
The water's gonna ruin my edges!
Wait. you're going
the wrong way!
- Wait. are you lost?
- No! Of course not.
- You got to do something.
- Okay.
I'm gonna save your hair.
We're gonna get you
out of here. okay?
Ready?
We're gonna run thataway.
- This way! Let's go. Let's go.
- (laughing)
Use that freakish speed
of yours. Let's do it!
Okay. Okay. we're good.
Let me see. There we go.
Your edges look great.
Well. damn right.
'cause where the hell
- would I have gotten them done
around here? - (chuckles)
Never seen anybody
move that quick.
Faster than you.
♪ ♪
(both chuckling)
Um. you got a little mud there.
I mean. that's what
I was looking at.
WOMAN:
Excuse me.
How do I sign up for that tour?
God. they're really wet.
- Whoa! Oh. my God. Okay. Hey.
- (gasps. chuckles)
Holy guacamole.
(both laughing)
(chuckling):
That was so crazy.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
Water and vintage leather
do not mix.
Your carriage awaits.
What... in the hell?
It's more comfy than it looks.
You're joking.
- (chuckles)
- Okay. hang on.
Oh. Easy.
(engine starts)
- No.
- (vehicle backfiring)
(both laughing)
There we go.
Who knew Americans were
such lightweights?
ANNA:
I'm just a tipsy little.
MICHAEL:
Oh. Tipsy little. huh?
ANNA:
Little tipsy.
- (vehicle rattles)
- Oh.
- Sorry about that.
- (chuckles)
♪ ♪
(Anna sighs)
Oh. that door sticks sometimes.
- Here. I'll just... Oh.
- It's okay.
- I'll just go out your door.
- Hang on. Ow.
- (horn honks)
- Sorry. (stammers)
- Whoops. Yep.
- Sorry. Oh.
- That's... that-that's
the hand brake. - Whoa!
- (horn honking)
- Okay.
Yep. Okay.
Whoa! There you go.
(laughing)
- You made it.
- I did it.
You made it.
- (sighs)
- Okay.
(chuckles)
This was really fun.
(inhales deeply)
Okay.
(laughing)
Good night.
Good night. (chuckles)
(door opens)
(chuckles)
- (chuckles)
- (door closes)
(sighs)
(Giuseppe singing
"Libiamo ne' lieti calici")
- (singing continues in Italian)
- (rooster crowing)
(sighs):
Oh. Lord. make it stop.
Ciao. bella! (laughs)
Ciao. Giuseppe.
(singing continues)
(quietly):
Please shut up.
("Libiamo ne' lieti calici"
playing with lyrics in Italian)
♪ ♪
Buongiorno.
(chuckles)
Ciao.
Anna. fresh fish for you?
Oh. no. thank you. No.
(chuckles)
Buongiorno.
♪ ♪
(dialogue inaudible)
(chuckles)
- Hey. (chuckles)
- Hi.
- How are you feeling?
- About last night...
- Uh. sorry. you first.
- Sorry. you first.
I just wanted to say
thank you for the ride.
My pleasure.
I think I had
a little too much to drink.
- Okay.
- I don't know.
So. yeah. maybe next time.
don't try to outdrink a guy
who's twice as tall as you
and owns a vineyard.
You're not that tall.
- (chuckles)
- Ciao. Michael. Ciao. Anna.
How does everybody know me?
- It's a small town. (sighs)
- (song fades)
Hey. want to see the restaurant?
- Yeah.
- Give me your bag.
- Thanks. (chuckles)
- All right. you take that.
(lively Italian chatter)
(both chuckle)
You should feel
right at home here.
- Wow.
- (sighs)
(Francesca speaking Italian
urgently)
- (pots clanking)
- (food sizzling)
(busy Italian chatter)
- There she is. L'Americana.
- (phone beeps)
Say hi.
- Oh. (chuckles) Hi.
- Hi.
- Oh. my God. I have
the same dress. - Oh.
Twinsies!
Do you all work here?
Enzo just wants to be famous.
The Robertos are idiots.
Me. I make desserts.
and Gabriella does the books...
Due gnocchi al pesto. Anna!
- Hi.
- GABRIELLA: Michael.
(Michael speaking Italian)
We never have enough hands.
you know.
Especially now
because we're getting ready
for the final night
of the festival.
It's a big deal. like
the Super Bowl of San Conessa.
- (chuckles)
- Here. try this.
Mmm. Zabaione?
I can taste the nutmeg.
(exclaims) Good!
(food sizzling)
Um. Enzo?
Enzo. your...
So...
I'm sorry.
I-I didn't want it to burn.
- You can cook.
- MICHAEL: Anna's a chef.
- Not a chef.
- You went to culinary school.
I dropped out.
- Oh. you should cook something.
- Not happening.
I don't cook anymore.
Ah. you're used to more fancy
kitchens. like The Bear.
- Yes. chef.
- No. no. that's not it.
I. um...
I actually used to dream
of working in a place like this.
The tourists all want risotto.
(busy Italian chatter)
Okay. Um...
I am gonna get out
of you guys's way.
- No. no. no. stay here. Eat something.
- ENZO: No. stay.
Um... no. no. I...
Trust me. I always travel
with peanut butter.
Peanut butter is very important
to Americans.
And ketchup.
(crickets chirping)
♪ ♪
(inhales deeply)
("Easier Said Than Done"
by Thee Sacred Souls playing)
♪ She said.
"Be honest with how you feel" ♪
♪ I said. "That's easier said
than done" ♪
♪ I said. "Don't worry
about the future" ♪
♪ She said. "That's easier said
than done..." ♪
MICHAEL:
Anna?
- (knocks)
- Knock. knock.
Oh.
(chuckles) Hey.
They were worried
you were gonna starve.
They are wonderful.
They are insane.
And you... I thought
you said you don't cook.
It's bread and tomato.
- May I?
- Sure.
♪ "This love is real" ♪
♪ I said.
"That's easier said..." ♪
MICHAEL:
Mmm.
Damn.
That's good.
You should have seen how my
mama used to make shrimp toast.
She was a line cook
at this little hole-in-the-wall
place in Atlanta.
People would come from miles.
(inhales deeply)
They do know
I'm one person. right?
- (chuckles)
- (song fades)
You're from Atlanta? I thought
you were from New York.
Yeah. well.
we started in Georgia
and then made our way
up to New York 'cause my mom.
she was at
a Michelin-star restaurant
and I was in culinary school.
So. why'd you stop?
I can't stand next to a stove
without feeling her next to me.
So when she died.
I stopped cooking.
My life just became
really chaotic.
I don't know if that makes
any sense. but...
It does.
I think. for me.
it was the exact opposite.
When they passed.
I became very grounded.
I took on
all the responsibility.
I think I was trying to...
I don't know...
Make your parents proud?
I get that.
You ran away. I ran in.
Honestly. I'm not sure
which one's harder.
And so now you're
a professional house sitter?
Uh...
Oh. Enzo found you on Instagram.
He said it was strange.
No pictures of you and Matteo.
No. No. no.
I don't. I don't post
anything personal.
Mm-mm.
Look.
This was actually
the night that we met.
♪ ♪
I mean. well. what about you?
Don't you have a girlfriend
or something.
Mr.. uh. Handsome Winemaker
in Tuscany?
Most of the men here
are handsome winemakers.
Oh.
I am...
I'm unlucky in love.
Probably end up alone.
Why's that?
I always fall for
the wrong girl.
(chuckles) Yeah.
It's late.
- I should go.
- Yeah.
Yeah. you should probably go.
(breathes deeply)
- Michael. I-I...
- You know. it's funny.
It's like you just suddenly
appeared out of nowhere.
Just the right time.
Haven't seen the family
this happy in forever.
Buonanotte. Anna.
Buonanotte.
(door opens. closes)
(exhaling sharply)
CLAIRE (recorded):
This is Claire.
If I don't have time
to answer the phone.
how do I have time to listen
to your long-ass voice...
Mm.
(phone chirps)
LORENZO:
(speaks Italian) Luigi.
(ringtone playing)
Taxi service. Buonasera.
ANNA (over phone):
Lorenzo. it's Anna.
Oh. ciao. bella. How are you?
Not good.
I think I have feelings for him.
For Matteo?
Well. this is good news.
No. no. Not Matteo.
His brother.
Well. I mean his cousin-brother.
At first. I thought
he was really rude.
but he's just really got
a lot on his mind.
A-And yesterday. we got caught
in the sprinklers.
a-and he was all wet
and-and shirtless and-and...
he eats tomatoes
like they're apples.
And his family.
Oh. my God. his family.
They're so incredible.
And-and everything
just feels like a fairy tale.
Tesoro. but this is fantastico.
No. it's not fantastico.
Lorenzo. It's a nightmare.
A fairy-tale nightmare.
What do I do?
Things will work out
in the end. huh?
They always do. Right?
- Sì.
- Sì. Beato.
(scoffs) That's your advice?
No. my advice was
to tell the truth.
but (sighs) your way is
much more romantic.
(chuckles)
(chuckles) Okay.
Okay. I just need to hang
in there for a few more days.
This was helpful.
Thank you. Call you later.
(sighs)
At least it can't get any worse.
(Giuseppe singing
"Libiamo ne' lieti calici")
(singing continues in Italian)
(whispering):
Anna? Anna?
- (bag thuds)
- (gasps)
Matteo?
What are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
Sorry. I can explain.
You broke into my house.
You're sleeping in my bed.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Are you gonna kill me?
What? No.
I mean. you can see
why I might think that.
This is totally insane!
(sets down hairbrush)
Are you wearing my pajamas?
Well. I was gonna wash them.
Look. do you remember
at the bar?
You basically told me
that I could stay here.
What?!
Yeah. you showed me pictures.
You said that it was empty.
You practically invited me.
That doesn't mean
you can break in
and tell my family
we're engaged!
- How do you know that?
- Isabella called me.
Isabella called you?
Your ex-fiancée?
Okay. yes. Isabella.
And before I could tell her
that you're totally crazy.
she hung up on me.
Fine. Well. I'm leaving.
so no need to be all rude.
Rude?
Here's your ring.
I can't get it off.
Have you tried olive oil?
(smacks lips) Mmm.
- That's really good.
- Seriously?
I am so sorry. Matteo.
But. look. on the bright side.
your family.
they seem really happy for us.
Really happy for us?
They were a little confused
at first.
They were like. "Well.
why didn't he tell us himself?"
And. "He hasn't spoken to us
in over a year."
Brutal. by the way.
- I...
- But your mama.
she's so excited
because she loves to plan.
and Francesca always wanted
a sister. and Michael. well.
he'd be so happy to have you
back for the barrel race.
You learned all this
in three days?
Yeah.
What about my father?
Oh. Hard to read.
He grunted. but it was
sort of an optimistic grunt.
Huh.
ANNA:
Oh.
I am so sorry again. Matteo.
I am gonna get my stuff.
get out of here.
I'll figure something out.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
You're not going anywhere.
Please don't call the police.
Of course I'm not gonna
call the police.
But you're coming to my family
to tell them the truth
in person right now.
- I am?
- Yes. you are.
I've been the bad guy
for the past year.
and if they think
I chased you off.
they'll be angry at me
all over again.
(sighs):
Okay.
Fine.
Great.
♪ ♪
- We need a game plan.
- Oh. we have a game plan.
We walk in. and you tell them.
Just like that?
Feels kind of sudden.
I mean. we are dropping
a major bomb here.
(stammers) There's no "we."
You're dropping the bomb.
It's your bomb.
I don't want the bomb.
I've got nothing
to do with this.
Okay. (sighs)
(inhales deeply. smacks lips)
You first.
- No. after you.
- Oh. I insist.
Well. it's your family.
You should...
Fine.
(exhales heavily)
- Oh. Anna. just in time.
- (excited Italian chatter)
We are all getting ready
for the race.
What's wrong?
- Matteo! Oh!
- Ciao. mamma.
- (Matteo laughing)
- (excited chatter)
(kisses. exclaims)
MATTEO:
Ciao. mamma.
- Matteo!
- Ciao. ciao. Enzo!
- Ciao. fratello. (chuckles)
- FRANCESCA: Matteo!
(excited Italian chatter
continues)
(grunting)
(speaking Italian)
(whispers in Italian)
Ciao. babbo.
Mm.
You brought my son home.
There's something
I have to tell you guys.
I never should've put this on
in the first place.
- (family murmuring)
- What? Why not?
Because I...
We are having it...
resized.
(family murmuring)
- ENZO: What?
- Mm-hmm. Right?
Yes.
You see. it was.
um. far too small.
and Anna. she has...
...really big knuckles.
No. but it's true. Anna. right?
Tell them about your...
(chuckles)
your big knuckles.
(both chuckling awkwardly)
Yeah. Yeah.
I-I-I do have really.
embarrassingly big knuckles.
(both laughing)
(sighs) Look at you two.
Such a beautiful couple.
I never thought
this day would come.
- Oh. me neither. (chuckles)
- Me neither.
Huh.
Ciao. Michi.
(family murmuring)
Mm-hmm.
(chuckles)
Congrats.
You are a very lucky man.
MATTEO:
Mm.
My boys.
Today. you will race together.
- I haven't trained in a year.
- There isn't time.
- His arms are too skinny.
- I can't...
Hey.
You will race.
- Okay.
- VINCENZO: Forza. andiamo.
- GABRIELLA: Dai. andiamo!
(cheering)
(laughter. whooping)
- ENZO: Andiamo.
- VINCENZO: Andiamo. andiamo. andiamo.
- (excited Italian chatter)
- (girls chant "Anna banana.")
What the hell was that?
I don't know.
They were just so happy
to see me.
(drums playing
festive march music)
(lively Italian chatter)
(festive march music continues)
ENZO: ...if this looks
as crazy on stream
as it does in real life.
And don't forget
to support my sponsors.
Hashtag "streamer life."
Michael and Matteo has always
been so competitive.
Yes. but this is one time when
the boys have to work together.
(speaking Italian)
(laughing)
No barrel rolling
in the big city.
You sure you're still up to it?
I do CrossFit now.
Just 'cause everyone else
puts up with your crap
doesn't mean I will.
(crowd cheering)
(horns playing fanfare)
Whoo!
(excited Italian chatter)
(blows sustained note)
MATTEO:
Vai. vai. vai. vai. vai. vai!
Dai. dai. dai!
(excited chatter continues)
("A far l'amore comincia tu
(Liebelei)" by Raffaella Carrà)
Jà. jà. jà. jà. jà. jà!
Dai!
(song continues
with lyrics in Italian)
(grunting)
(spectators shouting)
Buono. buono. buono.
Sì. bene!
(shouts) Vai. vai.
vai vai. vai. vai. vai!
Buono. dai. dai. dai!
(Matteo laughing)
Whoa! (grunts)
- Come on! What are you doing?!
- Oh! Oh! No!
Sta' attento!
What are you doing. man?!
- Just lift it up! Just lift...
- Stop messing around!
- Just lift it up. man!
- Come on.
- Just lift it up. Come on.
- Go. go. go. go. go. go!
(cheering continues)
- Come on! Focus. man!
- Don't tell me what to do.
You're always the weak link!
Oh. I'm sorry I don't spend all
my time playing in the dirt!
What are you doing. man?!
Got to keep up. fratellino!
(cheering continues)
Oh. there they are!
There they are!
Matteo and Michael! Whoo!
Michi.
(grunts)
- (gasps)
- Oh!
(excited Italian chatter)
(grunts fiercely)
Sì!
You guys do this every year?
Yes. (sighs)
(singing "Cannaiola"
with lyrics in Italian)
Football. bike riding.
schoolwork.
it was always a competition.
- Remember the donkeys?
- Yes.
- I love this story so much.
- (laughter)
Wait. what-what about
the donkeys?
Okay. so. (chuckles) Matteo and
Michael were racing donkeys.
and Matteo convinced Michael
that they go faster
- if you ride them backwards!
- If you ride them backwards.
(laughter)
So little Michael
climbs on backwards.
And then. (imitates impact)
breaks his arm.
- ENZO: Aw.
- (chuckles)
Still won the race. though.
I felt bad for the donkey.
- (laughter)
- MATTEO: Aw.
Mwah.
Anna. dance with me.
- Oh...
- Come on.
Yes. a little dance.
(chuckles)
Hey. Aperol spritz?
Grazie. (sighs)
- You need help in the kitchen.
- No. no. no. no. Relax.
- (song continues)
- (both chuckling)
Whoo.
I know what happened today
is completely unacceptable.
I... I get it.
You can't let him
take you off course.
MATTEO (laughs):
Come on.
(both laughing)
She's a very special
young woman.
Babbo. she loves him.
That's what you think?
You are no less my son
than he is. Michael.
And you deserve happiness. too.
(sighs)
- (song continues)
- (both giggling)
MATTEO:
It's crazy.
You made everyone fall in love
with you so quickly.
Well. that's because they think
I'm marrying the prodigal son.
Nah. no. that's not it.
There's something about you.
(both chuckle)
Oh. I think we have
something good here.
My fa... My father
actually spoke to me.
My family. look at them.
- They're all so happy.
- (laughing)
And that's because of you.
Well. they wouldn't be happy
if they knew
it was all based on a lie.
Well. it doesn't have to be.
I mean. come on. We're young.
You're beautiful.
Let's just try it out.
What are you talking about?
I think we have a chance.
Why not?
Matteo...
(excited Italian chatter.
laughter)
These are my boys!
I mean. I haven't
seen them in forever.
Do you mind if I go out
with them for a few drinks?
Dai. dai. dai.
- Yeah? I will see you at home?
- That's fine.
- Okay. Ciao. ciao.
- Ciao!
Ciao. Michi.
Okay. Dai. via. via. via.
(laughter)
(song continues)
Hey. (sighs)
Are you okay?
Why wouldn't I be okay?
Well. Matteo is back.
and. uh. I'm here. and...
and it's complicated. I guess.
He's your fiancé. isn't he?
- That's not complicated.
- Michael. I have something...
Anna. I have a surprise for you
back at the house.
- ANNA: Okay.
- (Gabriella chuckles)
GABRIELLA: Also. the florist
for the wedding is here.
He wants to meet you.
ANNA:
Um. maybe we can reschedule.
(crickets chirping)
♪ ♪
(breathes deeply)
(door closes)
(ringtone plays. stops)
Matteo.
Hey. you're still awake.
(laughs)
I'm so sorry
to abandon you back there.
but it was. it was just a...
I can't do this anymore.
Look. if we tell
my family the truth.
they will never forgive me
or you.
- I know.
- (ringtone plays)
- You're... (clicks tongue)
- (ringtone stops)
You're only here
for a few more days.
I will stay until then...
- I'm sorry. but I can't.
- (ringtone plays)
(frustrated grunt)
No. Give me one second.
One second. Pronto.
(woman speaks Italian on phone)
(sighs)
My father's in the hospital.
- I'll see you.
- Prego.
Okay.
(siren wailing)
How's he doing?
He fell at the restaurant.
Hurt his leg. hit his head.
Luckily. he's got
a very hard head.
(chuckles softly)
(sighs):
Okay.
- Michael. I...
- It's good that Matteo is here.
And we got you
to thank for that.
Hmm.
Listen.
It's not fair for me to make
you feel like I feel some...
(clamoring Italian chatter)
Vincenzo. are you okay?
No. no. don't make drama
over me. I'm fine.
- No. he's not fine.
- "Fine."
Tomorrow night is
the final night
of the summer festival.
the most important night
of the year for us.
And my family seems
to have forgotten this.
Um. you cannot work like this.
You will die.
You're an old man. You need
to take care of yourself. huh?
- Yes. Babbo. Maybe we close.
- (mutters in Italian)
Our family has done the final
every night for 150 year.
- We will not close!
- (Gabriella sighs)
Matteo. help us.
What should we do?
Uh... well. I mean.
if Babbo feels like
he can do it. then he should.
O-Or. or maybe he just needs
some help. Yes?
- Anna. you're a cook.
- GABRIELLA: Oh. Anna. yes!
- Maybe you can help him?
- Oh. that's a great idea.
Me?
Yeah. you can be his sous-chef.
- Oh. yes. Anna.
- Yeah?
Sì. che bella idea.
Oh. no. no. no.
I haven't cooked in forever.
Once a cook. always a cook.
It's just like riding a bike.
isn't it? It's easy.
FRANCESCA:
Yes. like a bicycle.
Anna. would you like to help me?
♪ ♪
Of course.
I'd be honored
to be your sous-chef.
Then it is done.
- GABRIELLA: Sì!
- Hmm.
- ENZO: Great.
- (chuckles)
Especially if it gets
these people off my back.
That's a great idea.
- Matteo. thank God you are here.
- Ah.
It's just an idea.
- Oh! No. no. no. Basta.
- (excited Italian chatter)
- No.
- No!
(clamoring Italian chatter)
(shushing)
I have to go to the bathroom!
Please!
Michael. please tell them.
- (clamoring continues)
- (sighs)
CLAIRE: Girl. you cannot
text me intriguing shit
and then just leave me hanging.
A fine-ass Italian brother
with a eight-pack?
Bitch. you trying
to make my water break?
If I have this baby early.
I'm-a beat your ass.
and I'm-a make you
watch him on the weekend.
Whew. hell. at least
one of us is having fun.
Call me in between
your Italian escapades.
Love you.
- Buongiorno.
- Hey.
Slight change of plans.
Vincenzo woke up dizzy.
and Nonna's not letting him
leave the house.
Wait. so he's not coming?
- Is he okay?
- He's fine.
The man has no problem
disobeying doctor's orders.
He just can't stand up
to his mum.
Are you saying
I have to cook alone?
- Yes. but here's the truth.
- (sighs)
Vincenzo believes in you.
and so do I.
Everyone's gonna help.
I promise. And...
GABRIELLA:
Oh. Anna.
Thank God you are here.
Where is Matteo?
ANNA:
Oh. He's coming. I think.
(clamoring Italian chatter)
- Okay. Here she is. Ragazzi.
- FRANCESCA: Ah!
- Ciao. ciao. ciao. ciao!
- Hey. Ciao. Ciao.
Allora.
Uh. let's start cooking. huh?
- What's the plan?
- Yeah. what do we do?
- Where's Vincenzo's menu?
- Oh. it changes every day.
- Recipes?
- No menus. no recipes.
- GABRIELLA: Mm. no.
- Vincenzo's crazy.
He keeps them all up here.
ANNA:
W-Well. can we call him?
FRANCESCA:
No. Nonna took his phone away.
Okay. what about
last night's menu?
Maybe we could
re-create it somehow.
No. Vincenzo always makes
something special
for il finale.
It's a tradition.
- It's what we're known for.
- Yeah. it's tradition.
Finito.
Grazie. Luigi. (chuckles)
You never know
when you need a plumber.
Toilet's broken again.
♪ Pray for ya... ♪
("Pray for Ya"
by John Legend playing)
- Okay. what time do we open?
- In five hours.
- Okay. let's go!
- (claps)
(clamoring Italian chatter)
(sighs)
- ♪ Girl. you know you dead wrong ♪
- ♪ Oh ♪
- ♪ With a walk so mean ♪
- ♪ Ay ♪
- ♪ Ass going in a circle ♪
- ♪ Oh ♪
- ♪ Now you causing a scene ♪
- ♪ Ay ♪
- ♪ Your ex needy. had to let go ♪
- ♪ You said you wanna be free ♪
- ♪ Ay ♪
- ♪ But everybody locked in. though ♪
- ♪ Brought the club to they knees ♪
- ♪ Whoo ♪
- ♪ Girl. I got to pray for ya ♪
- ♪ Girl. you're incredible ♪
- ♪ I got to pray for ya ♪
♪ Yes. girl. I'll pray for ya ♪
♪ Girl. you're incredible ♪
- ♪ Girl. I got to pray for ya ♪
- ♪ Girl. you're incredible ♪
♪ Girl. I got to pray for ya ♪
- ♪ I got to pray for ya... ♪
Okay.
Okay. okay.
- I can do it.
- Okay. do it. do it.
- ♪ Trying to make me
double-tap that ♪ - ♪ Oh... ♪
Wow.
So cool.
- ♪ Turn me into a fiend ♪
- ♪ Ay ♪
♪ Ass full of black magic ♪
- ♪ So every time that we eat ♪
- ♪ Whoo ♪
- ♪ Girl. I got to pray for ya ♪
- ♪ Girl. you're incredible ♪
- ♪ I got to pray for ya ♪
♪ Yes. girl. I'll pray for ya ♪
♪ Girl. you're incredible ♪
♪ Girl. I got to pray
for ya... ♪
A case of each.
Please.
(sighs)
This reminds me of the plumber.
(both laughing)
♪ All this money.
you can't help yourself ♪
♪ Oh. your salvation
could start with me ♪
♪ Your salvation could
start with me ♪
♪ But you just wanna be nasty
as you can be ♪
♪ Do your thing. girl.
go 'head. be free ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
- So good.
- I know.
30 minutes.
Anyone heard from Matteo?
Sorry.
(sighs)
(laughs)
- ♪ Yes. Lord. ♪
- (song ends)
♪ ♪
(shushes)
The special dish?
ANNA: It's a take on something
my mother used to make.
Sautéed Sicilian red shrimp
in a rich pomarola sauce.
garnished with fresh thyme
and served with grilled grits
and fresh green tomatoes.
I-I know it's not traditional.
I... I hope you like it.
♪ ♪
Bravissima.
(chuckles)
(sighs)
Your mama would be so proud.
(chuckles)
We'll call it the ItaliAnna.
- Sì. ItaliAnna!
- GABRIELLA: Oh. ItaliAnna!
Ma è bellissimo!
It's a great idea! (laughs)
ItaliAnna. eh? Get it?
GABRIELLA:
Sì.
(laughs)
Touchdown! (laughs)
♪ ♪
(lively Italian chatter)
(sighs)
Everybody loves it!
♪ ♪
(dialogue inaudible)
(lively Italian chatter)
(food sizzling)
(crowd cheering)
♪ ♪
(popping and whistling)
(laughter)
(excited Italian chatter)
- Brava. brava.
- Grazie.
- Buonanotte. Buonanotte.
- Buonanotte.
(Michael laughing)
I have no idea
what they're saying.
Oh. honestly. no one ever does.
(both laugh)
You belong here.
In a restaurant.
It is not often that
you get to see someone do
what they are really meant
to do. and you...
...you were glowing.
(chuckles)
Thank you.
(both chuckle)
We should get back.
(lively Italian chatter)
MATTEO:
Wait. wait.
- I'm so sorry I'm late.
- GABRIELLA: Matteo. Matteo.
- MATTEO: Hi.
- Ah.
- Where have you been?
- Hi.
You're super late.
(whispers):
Just like my period.
VINCENZO:
Per favore.
Behind every meal is a story.
I don't like to ask for help.
but you help all of us.
and we are so grateful
to have you.
FRANCESCA:
So grateful.
- You have a real gift.
- (Francesca chuckles)
- Salute!
- ALL: Salute!
- Oh. that's beautiful. Salute.
- (excited Italian chatter)
(laughs) That's so nice.
Well. just know I couldn't have
done it without you guys.
Thank you for trusting me.
- Oh. Aw. (chuckles)
- Aw.
Uh. okay. Uh. my turn.
Uh. me and Anna. we have. um.
an announcement to make.
- We do?
- (family murmuring)
MATTEO: We have decided
to. uh... (chuckles)
- to go back to New York.
- GABRIELLA: Cosa?
MATTEO:
Listen. I know it's hard.
but we're coming back.
of course.
We'll visit. right?
Right. (gasps)
- Right.
- (Gabriella speaking Italian)
Mwah.
Right. salute. (chuckles)
Mmm.
(smacks lips) Oof.
Is this your vineyard?
It's pretty good.
I'm gonna go. all right?
I'll see you at home.
- Ciao. Ciao. mamma.
- GABRIELLA: Matteo...
(family murmuring)
Wait. when did you guys
decide this?
I-I don't understand.
Why don't you tell Anna
where you were today.
I don't know what
you're talking about. Michi.
Matteo.
She deserves to know.
Why do you have to ruin
a wonderful night?
It's late. We're all tired.
Let's just go to bed.
Why can't you just admit it?
You need to mind
your own business.
No. no. this is my business.
They are my business because
you take them all for granted.
and now you're doing
the same thing to Anna.
She was here with us today.
With nostra famiglia while you.
you were with Isabella!
- Oh. no. Michael...
- No. no. no. mamma. è vero.
Isabella... (stammers)
You know Isabella.
It's-it's complicated.
- It's always been complicated.
- MICHAEL: No. it isn't.
It's not complicated.
It's very simple.
You only ever think about
yourself. what you want.
and you don't care
what it does to the rest of us.
(laughs)
You love this.
You always have.
I'm the bad guy.
and you're the perfect son.
"Michael is so helpful.
Oh. he's taking
such good care of us."
You're not even
a real part of this family!
- (family gasps)
- (Matteo groans)
Oh. my God.
- Michael. no.
- Ow!
- No! Are you okay?
- (Matteo groans)
- MATTEO: Shit.
- (grunts) I'm fine.
(chuckles)
Oh. I see.
You like her.
Who? Isabella?
(yelling)
(family screaming)
- (grunting)
- GABRIELLA: Boys!
♪ ♪
- (grunts)
- (family clamoring)
Boys!
(pained screaming)
(screams)
Stop! Stop! I lied!
I... It's my fault!
I lied.
I have been lying to you all
this whole time.
I'm not who you think I am.
(murmuring)
(grunts)
Me and Matteo are not engaged.
We barely know each other.
I broke into the villa because
I didn't have
anywhere else to go.
(family murmuring)
But. Matteo. you told us
you were getting married.
She pretends to live
other people's lives
because she's too afraid
to live her own.
You all got swept up
in her fantasy.
and I went along with it
because finally...
(chuckles)
...finally. you all acted like
I did something right.
This is all a lie?
I wanted to tell you.
I promise. I did.
I just...
I got so caught up
in having a family
and feeling like I belonged
to something. to someone.
I know it doesn't justify
what I did.
but I... I never meant to hurt
any of you all. and...
(breath trembles)
I just want you to know
that these last few days
have been the most...
...beautiful time of my life.
I never should've lied
to you all.
(crying):
And I'm... I'm really sorry.
I'm... I'm gonna leave.
("Live Love Learn" by Estelle
playing)
(crying)
♪ Two peas in a pod ♪
♪ One and the same ♪
♪ Captured moments in time ♪
♪ Like a frame ♪
(birds chirping)
♪ Dancing like kites
in the wind... ♪
So. you pretended to be the
white Italian man's fiancée.
but then you ended up
catching feelings for
the Black-Italian
cousin-brother?
Oh. this some
Shonda Rhimes shit.
I ruined everything.
and now he'll probably
never even speak to me again.
We fall down. but we get up.
That's Bible.
Just come home.
Maybe I could hook you up with
a room until you figure it out.
- Okay?
- (horn honks outside)
Okay. Love you. Got to go.
I love you. too.
What happened?
I told them the truth.
Anna. (sighs)
- (crying)
- Aw.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
ANNA:
I'll miss you. too.
Can you please just take me
to the bus station?
I'm not good at goodbyes.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I-I still think
your way was very romantic.
♪ Oh. the joy. the tears.
the trust. the years... ♪
Hey! Wait!
Wait!
♪ No ♪
♪ Oh. no ♪
(sighs)
♪ Oh. the heights. the fears ♪
♪ The laughs. the cheers ♪
♪ It all just brings me
back to you ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ Oh. no ♪
♪ But you live. you laugh.
you learn ♪
♪ 'Cause we both took a fall. ♪
(song ends)
NONNA ALESSIA:
This is what you do in America?
Sleep at the bus station?
Nonna. You speak English?
Oh. santo cielo.
So. you made a mistake.
But our mistakes
do not define us.
They teach us.
But I really messed up.
No. don't interrupt me.
I'm old.
I've seen everything.
Sickness. pain. wars. death.
Oh. you have seen death. too.
So. you lied.
Now you think
you should suffer forever. eh?
Stupida.
I've seen you and Michael.
What you have is special.
You think so?
You want to tap that ass?
Tap it!
(chuckles)
You want to tell him
you like him?
Tell him.
Oh. Anna.
You deserve to live your life
the way you want it.
Not pretending to be
someone else.
But what about the rest
of the family? And Michael?
I'm sure they all hate me now.
FRANCESCA:
Ciao. Anna!
Ciao.
(breathes shakily)
What do I do?
Oh. I can't do everything
for you.
Go and talk to them.
ANNA:
I am so sorry I lied.
Oh. Anna. what family
doesn't lie to each other
once in a while?
We all make mistakes
and have regrets.
- Right. everybody?
- Uh-huh.
- Oh. yeah. (chuckles)
- Yeah.
In fact. one of our sons
was a mistake.
- Wait. what? Huh? You?
- Which one? Who?
You'll never know.
(mouthing):
Matteo.
(laughter)
Okay. okay. Now my turn.
I regret having an affair
with the plumber.
No. Francesca.
Francesca!
- Just a joke.
- (laughter)
No regret.
Look. I'm sorry
I didn't say goodbye
to my family before I left.
They deserve better than that.
- Babbo.
- Eh.
(sighs)
(Gabriella crying)
- ENZO: Aw.
- FRANCESCA: Okay. okay.
Anna. now. uh.
stop listening to us
- being so Italian and just go.
- Yeah.
Go find Michael. eh?
- Go. Go.
He's at the vineyard.
(stammers) How do I get there?
- Vai. vai. vai. (chuckles)
- Anna.
First my villa. now my car?
You're gonna owe me big-time.
- Go.
- Go. Anna. Go!
- (cheering and clamoring)
- Go!
- Go! Go. go. go.
- (clapping)
(engine revving)
("Chimica" by Ditonellapiaga
and Donatella Rettore playing)
(song continues
with lyrics in Italian)
(song ends)
(sheep bleating)
Uh. scusi.
Sorry. (chuckles)
- (sighs)
- (snorting softly)
What are you
so happy about. pig?
(snorting)
(Anna humming "Let Me Love You")
ANNA:
♪ You should let me love you ♪
♪ Let me be the one to ♪
♪ Give you everything
you want and need ♪
♪ True love and protection ♪
♪ Make me your selection ♪
- Seriously. Anna?
- ♪ Show me the way ♪
♪ Love's supposed to be. ♪
Whoo! (chuckles)
I "La Serenata-d" you.
All past mistakes
must be forgiven.
It's tradition. right?
I want to give
you and me a chance.
Look. I-I know
what you may be thinking.
Actually. I don't.
You're really hard to read.
I'll tell you what I'm thinking.
I have no idea
who you are. Anna.
No. but you do.
I-I may have lied
about marrying Matteo.
but everything else was real.
Well. except for my name.
I'm sorry. what?
It's actually Brianna.
Brianna Celeste Montgomery.
Okay. Brianna.
Anything else
you want to tell me?
Your wine isn't that good.
- (laughing)
- The white is solid.
but the red is-is not quite
full-bodied enough.
Yeah. okay. Now I know
you're making stuff up.
(chuckles) We both know
we've been falling for each
other since the moment we met.
You hated me when we first met.
Maybe a little bit.
but you were so rude.
God's sake.
Let's get out of here.
I have something to say.
and I'm gonna say it
right here. right now.
I'm ready to start
living my life again.
I'm not running away anymore.
I'm staying here for you.
the handsome winemaker who
loves the simple things in life
but doesn't have to be alone.
I'm staying put for us
and what could be.
Even if I have to
ruin my hair to do it.
Oh. girl. he is not that fine!
- No. No!
- Girl. yes. he is.
You want to know what I said
when I first saw you?
(speaking Italian)
"I work so hard
because I don't have
someone like her in my life."
♪ ♪
That felt pretty earnest.
Mm. I don't know.
Maybe try again.
Ooh. that love might last.
but them edges?
Child. they gone forever.
- (chuckles) Forever. ever.
- Forever.
- Forever. ever.
- Forever. ever. (laughs)
I'll be your Diane Lane
if you can get me
under this Tuscan sun. honey.
(laughing)
- Mm. I'll stay hot for that.
- Girl.
You can eat. pray
and love me. baby.
- Ooh!
- (laughing)
♪ ♪
- Now add the oregano.
- (chuckles): Relax. Vincenzo.
I got it.
Remember you're retired.
old man.
Let's go!
(Francesca and Nonna Alessia
speaking Italian)
(laughs) You should've
named him Lorenzo!
Mm-mm. Let me see Matteo.
Matteo.
- MATTEO: Che?
- Oh. it's Claire.
- CLAIRE: Hey. Matteo!
- Claire. you look so beautiful.
- ISABELLA: Ciao.
- MATTEO: This is Isabella.
There's the food. Later. later.
(lively Italian chatter)
Will this do. chef?
Let's eat!
(excited Italian chatter)
("Stare at Me" by JANE HANDCOCK
and Anderson .Paak playing)
♪ Lil' daddy from L.A.'s
on his way ♪
♪ And I can't wait to see ♪
♪ Diamonds dancing on his neck.
pretty smile ♪
♪ Vans on his feet ♪
♪ Oh. AP. AP ♪
♪ I like what you did to me ♪
♪ Won't you
Take me to the sky ♪
♪ Usually I'm motion deep.
no. I... ♪
- I love you. brother.
- ♪ Something 'bout the way ♪
- ♪ You stare at me ♪
- ♪ Stare at me ♪
♪ Something in your eyes ♪
♪ I think you might have
put a spell on me ♪
- ♪ Spell on me ♪
- ♪ Think you put me In a spell ♪
♪ Something 'bout the way
that you stare at me ♪
♪ It's just something
about you... ♪
You better kiss that little
light-skinned-ed boy
- like you on Bridgerton.
- Ooh.
How do I sign up for that tour?
(chuckles)
Am I right? (chuckles) Whoo!
- Yeah. that's...
- Mm. That's somebody
I could get wet for. honey.
Do you guys need a third?
Sorry. (chuckles)
I just haven't been touched
by a man in a long time.
- I'm moist right now.
- (laughing)
That's menopause.
He burns for you. girl!
- He burn for you!
- Mm!
After the divorce. I could
really use something like this.
(laughing)
(laughter)
Protect your edges.
Baby. I got a store...
I got another one
just in case
you get this one wet.
Excuse me. Do you think that
we could get some of
what they're drinking?
Whatever makes you move
in slo-mo.
Can I touch in between here?
(scoffs) God. that was
very inappropriate.
Let me try it one more time.
Can I squeeze your grapes?
Gosh. I need to loosen up
a little.
Is there. like.
a sign-up for that tour?
This is fun.
but that looks really good.
Baby. can we stomp
some grapes together?
(laughter)
If it don't work out.
call a mother.
Well. since she got him.
I'm-a take you.
I would pay anything.
Honestly. Like. honestly.
No. no. like. honestly.
I would pay anything
to be on this tour with them.
I'm sorry.
that was inappropriate.
I'm really sorry.
Do you want to go home with me?
(laughter)
Okay. Good?
Would you stop flirting
with that man?
Eh. babe. I'm trying to be
on 90 Day Fiancé.
Girl. he may not live 90 days.
(laughing)
♪ I know you're liking
what you see ♪
♪ I like it. I like it ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh.
ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ I like it. I love it ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh.
ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
- ♪ I like it ♪
- ♪ Kick it for the one you love ♪
♪ I love it ♪
- ♪ Here we go ♪
- ♪ For real ♪
- ♪ We gon' take it uptown ♪
- ♪ Uptown ♪
- ♪ Run it back downtown ♪
- ♪ Downtown ♪
- ♪ Party on the Westside ♪
- ♪ Westside ♪
- ♪ Everybody eastbound ♪
- ♪ Eastbound ♪
♪ Uh. hold up.
we don't play that ♪
♪ Uno. dos. tres ♪
- ♪ You could say that ♪
- ♪ What the... you say? ♪
♪ From the Bay.
all the way to L.A. ♪
♪ Ah. L.A.. ay. ay ♪
- ♪ We gon' take it uptown ♪
- ♪ Uptown ♪
- ♪ Run it back downtown ♪
- ♪ Downtown ♪
- ♪ Party on the Westside ♪
- ♪ Westside ♪
- ♪ Everybody eastbound ♪
- ♪ Eastbound ♪
♪ Uh. hold up.
we don't play that ♪
♪ Uno. dos. tres ♪
- ♪ You could say that ♪
- ♪ What the... you say? ♪
♪ From the Bay.
all the way to L.A. ♪
♪ Ah. L.A.. ay. ay ♪
♪ Something 'bout the way
you stare at me ♪
- ♪ Stare at me ♪
- ♪ Something in the way ♪
♪ I think you might've put
a spell on me ♪
- ♪ Spell on me ♪
♪ Something 'bout the way ♪
- ♪ That you stare at me ♪
- ♪ Baby. just keep watching ♪
♪ Keep watching. baby. please ♪
♪ I'm watching. watching ♪
♪ I know you're liking
what you see ♪
- ♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
- ♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
- ♪ Uptown ♪
- ♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
- ♪ Uno. dos. tres ♪
- ♪ Downtown ♪
- ♪ I like it ♪
- ♪ We don't... play ♪
- ♪ Westside ♪
- ♪ I love it ♪
- ♪ Say that. say that. say ♪
- ♪ Eastbound ♪
♪ What you say? ♪
♪ Uno. dos. tres ♪
♪ What the... say? ♪
♪ Ah ♪
- ♪ L.A.. ay. ay. ♪
- (song ends)
♪ ♪
(music ends)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm